well bad news went to the drift event
today didn't I guess I'll give you a
little bit of an update on the car the
last drift even I didn't put a video up
yet it'll probably be on there but
anyhow last drift event the intake pipe
or whatever off the turbo it came off
and it dusted the motor and there was
like dust and the intercooler piping and
stuff like that anyhow it started
smoking a whole bunch and stuff like
that so anyhow so I didn't really think
too much of it I just thought it was
blow-by and I knew it was you know gonna
take it's gonna take a toll out of it I
didn't it was gonna go this fast
anyhow last night I went ahead and I
there's a GT 2871 R that I put on here
you know and to do a little bit
different routing with the intercooler
piping stuff like that but it was
running great I had it on twelve pounds
today I made like two runs on twelve
pounds and it pretty much after that it
kind of started losing boost and stuff
like that wouldn't build boost so anyhow
right now you know basically at the
drift event it just almost died didn't
didn't want to do anything didn't want
to start didn't want to run didn't build
absolutely any boost on my last
qualifying run so that sucked but right
now I'm doing a compression test as you
can see cylinder number one
and that's it not even 60 psi you know
even 60 psi in number one try number two
but yeah pretty much this kind of sucks
I just rebuilt the motor it's
unfortunate that the turbo inlet or
whatever it popped off and I went in the
dirt a few times if you looked in the
last video or whatever or one of the
last videos where it's actually drifting
that went went in the dirt a few times
and I guess it popped it off so number
260 yeah this breaks my heart I don't
know it's just dumb I put so much time
and money into this thing getting it
going so I'd have a drift car so I could
drift all season and now I got to put
you know a little bit more a little bit
more money and a lot more time in this
damn thing in order to there's another
event today's the 20th another event on
the second that I'd like to make it to
see this cylinder number three
that's 160 so that's that's a good
compression on that this will be
cylinder number four yeah basically I
don't know I might try and pull it out
here in the next day or so and hopefully
all it needs is rings you know hone it
and stuff like that but new piston rings
in it yeah so that's pretty much it a
little bit of an update I'm gonna go
ahead and pour a little bit of oil in
the cylinder walls and see if that bumps
up the compression and then if it does
I'll know it's the ring so okay so we're
back got it in there if that's feeling
too much of it well maybe
1:20 so part of its rings definitely
could be something else - maybe the
valves aren't 100% sealing properly
basically all there's left to do is just
go ahead and take it apart after taking
part in anyhow so I guess I'm gonna have
to get get started on that but you don't
know like I was saying earlier I could
have all the money and time I put into
this frickin thing I could have just
waited an extra two three weeks and did
the LS swapping the other thing and out
had a LS swap coop and now I have this
thing and I still got to do the LS swap
so oh that's it for now runs so
basically right now I'm just gonna do a
little startup video of it and kind of
show how how bad it runs but how bad a
smoke so
and that's pretty much it
yeah she smokes pretty good it kind of
smells like a two-stroke in here right
now
two-stroke dirt bikes is basically just
burning all the damn oil off but um so
yeah I'm getting ready to yank yank
everything out and threw the old rebuild
they got me some piston rings wherever
they went right here there's a sealed
power once there like 72 bucks but I
don't know I got him in a day from the
parts store so I didn't have to order
anything offline and wait a week so but
anyhow that's what I'm gonna be doing
and no probably a little bit of the
process